So let's go ahead and do a little bit of up account data component.
Yes.
We're going to remove a good amount of things.
So first of all this goodbye we don't really need it these to bid farewell don't need them.
Account Services bél-princess going to need a count for goodbye.
And we are not going to need account lists.
So goodbye.
However what we will need is to add another line so import will need them though.
Another one of those Routier directives router
directives.
From
angular Bauder.
OK so this component discompose this component so we'll have some outs and we will want to we will we
will need to utilize them so it is needed.
So it is needed to actually plug in the router outlet which we are going to use here so there will be
a router outlet here.
Actually you know what.
Let's just go ahead and create it now so you can actually see what I'm doing.
We have actually done this before.
I do believe that it will be familiar to you
this is where the content will be able to go
and for this to be possible here.
Basically they need to create a we need to plug in a router directives so we doubted this would not
be possible.
So that there is to it.
And then you go down below.
You go to where it says account component this curly bracket and then you basically scroll all the way
down.
Just don't select the last curly bracket and delete everything.
OK.
Under directives we don't really need any of these we just need rodder directives.
Rodder directors and that's it.
So all done fine and dandy.
Can you even recognize the class.
Oh and by the way between these two we will have depending on where we click.
We will have the accounts list or the box for the actual creation of the accounts.
And if you're wondering well I mean why did you leave the palace.
I mean there is nothing in it.
Well you kind of have to have it due to the ruling due to the way that angular functions.
So this component is actually kind of like a class or you need or you need a class even though it does
nothing.
You still need there if you don't have it there you're going to encounter problems.
This is not going to work.
OK.
So that's basically it.
We're going to go ahead and continue to follow tutorial will we will create a bunch of other things.